Every prepaid card the network has sold lives on one screen.
p02
This is the gift card portfolio.
p03
Four headline tiles up top, three insight panels, and a searchable card list below.
p04
On a support call, this is almost always where you start.
p05
Four tiles run across the top.
p06
How many cards exist, how much is still owed on them,
p07
how many are live, and how many are spent to zero.
p08
Read them left to right for the whole portfolio at a glance.
p09
First panel, issuance over the last year.
p10
The line climbs, up about nine percent, with the running total in the corner.
p11
It tells you the program is growing before you open a report.
p12
Next to it, where the money sits.
p13
Most cards carry small amounts; only a thin slice hold a hundred dollars or more.
p14
So a big disputed balance is already the unusual case.
p15
The third panel is portfolio health.
p16
Most active, a good share redeemed, a few expired.
p17
The same split as the status column, rolled into one bar.
p18
Now the list itself.
p19
One number sits under the title: the record count,
p20
a hundred sixteen thousand cards and change, the same figure as the total tile up top.
p21
Two buttons sit above the table.
p22
Delete removes a card.
p23
Issue Gift Card creates one.
p24
Both write to real records, so we point and read, and never click either.
p25
Under the buttons, one search box.
p26
Type a card number, a customer, a location, or a status, and the list narrows to the match.
p27
When a caller has the card in hand, this is the fast path.
p28
Six columns describe each card.
p29
The number, who owns it, where it sold,
p30
what is left, whether it is still good, and when it last moved.
p31
Balance, status, last used carry most calls.
p32
Now the rows themselves.
p33
They load live, twenty-five cards to a page, thousands of pages deep.
p34
Where the customer cell shows a dash, no one is linked to that card.
p35
And if the table ever says it couldn't load, refresh before you quote a balance.
p36
Here is the everyday move.
p37
A customer reads you their card number.
p38
You drop it into the search,
p39
and the row returns the balance, the status, and the last-used date.
p40
Read those back and the call is answered.
p41
So, the gift card screen.
p42
Totals up top, three quick-read panels, and a list where every lookup lands.
p43
Find the card by number, read its balance and status,
p44
and you have handled almost every gift card call.